c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\WebApplicationMVC.dll.config
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\WebApplicationMVC.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\WebApplicationMVC.pdb
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVC.dll
c:\users\kabbireddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\obj\Debug\WebApplicationMVC.pdb
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KabbiReddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplicationMVC\WebApplicationMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
